remove credential offer part from credential profiles (#121)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

The definitions in (#server_metadata_ldp_vc) apply for metadata of credentials of this type as well. 

#### Authorization Details

> The definitions in (#issuer_initiated_issuance_ldp_vc) apply for credentials of this type as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The definitions in (#authorization_ldp_vc) apply for credentials of this type as well.
```
it does not compile otherwise
